README.md, before:

# Fusion
Fusion of different machine learning tools


## Objectives
Create a machine learning framework based on the [micrograd](https://github.com/karpathy/micrograd) of [Andrej Karpathy](https://karpathy.ai/) with the addition of a tensor class based on numpy.

- Build and train a small neural network to detect handwritten digits
    - [x] Relu / maybe a problem with backward
    - [x] dot
    - [ ] logsoftmax

## ToDo

- [ ] Tensor class / Automatic differentiation
    - [x] Simple derivatives with context (what created the next value / parent / operation)
    - [x] Backpropagation with topological sort based on Chain of rules
    - [ ] lazyness
- [ ] Optimizer
    - [ ] GD
    - [ ] SGD
    - [ ] ADAM
- [ ] Math
    - [ ] Advenced math function with scikit
- [ ] graphviz of the network / topological sort / important for comprehension of architecture
- [ ] Statistics / describe of data
- [ ] Plot


## Details

the base for this project to work are 2 class:
- Function:
    - subclass(Function): specify forward and backward for a given ops
    - \*tensors parents: needed for topological sort
    - apply:
        - create & assign \_context
        - return new Tensor based on forward
- Tensor :
    - data
    - gradient
    - \_context : type[Function]/ops, \*parents tensors

we have made an example in [Functionnement](examples/simple_function.py)

Lazyness :
    - remove copy/tensor creation for each node in profit of memoryview()
    - create a kernel that represent all the operations to compute the needed gradient / load for one pass

### operations

#### machine learning Ops to calculate derivatives

```
Relu, Log, Exp                                 # unary ops
Sum, Max                                       # reduce ops (with axis argument)
Maximum, Add, Sub, Mul, Pow, Div, Equal        # binary ops (no broadcasting, use expand)
Expand, Reshape, Permute, Pad, Shrink, Flip    # movement ops
```


#### low level Ops
these are cpu_features relative to the raw operations of your hardware

Commit message:

refactoring test;
simple testing will allow:
- faster writing of new operations

README.md, after:

# Fusion
Fusion of different machine learning tools


## Objectives
Create a machine learning framework based on the [micrograd](https://github.com/karpathy/micrograd) of [Andrej Karpathy](https://karpathy.ai/) with the addition of a tensor class.
A Tensor being a multidimensional array, in our case based on numpy ndarray.

- Build and train a small neural network to detect handwritten digits
    - [x] Relu
    - [x] dot
    - [ ] log
    - [ ] exp
    - [ ] pow

## ToDo

- [ ] Tensor class / Automatic differentiation
    - [x] Simple derivatives with context (what created the next value / parent / operation)
    - [x] Backpropagation with topological sort based on Chain of rules
    - [ ] lazyness
- [ ] Optimizer
    - [ ] GD
    - [ ] SGD
    - [ ] ADAM
- [ ] Math
    - [ ] Advenced math function with scikit
- [ ] graphviz of the network / topological sort / important for comprehension of architecture
- [ ] Statistics / describe of data
- [ ] Plot
- [ ] Test
    - [ ] dot testing
    - [ ] Ensure Type matching
    - [ ] different type


## Details

the base for this project to work are 2 class:
- Function:
    - subclass(Function): specify forward and backward for a given operation
    - \*tensors parents: needed for topological sort
    - apply:
        - create & assign \_context
        - return new Tensor based on forward
- Tensor :
    - data : type[numpy array]
    - gradient : type[Tensor]
    - \_context : type[Function]/ops, \*parents tensors

we have made an example in [Functionnement](examples/simple_function.py)

Lazyness :
    - remove copy/tensor creation for each node in profit of memoryview()
    - create a kernel that represent all the operations to compute the needed gradient / load for one pass

### operations

#### machine learning Ops to calculate derivatives

```
Relu, Log, Exp                                 # unary ops
Sum, Max                                       # reduce ops (with axis argument)
Maximum, Add, Sub, Mul, Pow, Div, Equal        # binary ops (no broadcasting, use expand)
Expand, Reshape, Permute, Pad, Shrink, Flip    # movement ops
```


#### low level Ops
these are cpu_features relative to the raw operations of your hardware
